scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] arrow_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] cave_spider_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] cod_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] drag_fire_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] enderman_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] endermite_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] evoker_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] evoker_fangs_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] exper_orb_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] eye_of_end_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] falling_bl_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] hoglin_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] illusioner_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] item_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] fireball_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] llama_spit_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] magma_cube_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] phantom_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] pig_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] piglin_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] piglin_brute_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] pufferfish_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] salmon_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] shulker_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] shu_bul_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] silverfish_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] skeleton_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] slime_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] smal_fire_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] snowball_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] spec_ar_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] spider_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] stray_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] egg_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] ender_pearl_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] exper_bot_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] potion_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] vex_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] vindicator_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] witch_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] with_skul_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] zoglin_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] zombie_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] zom_pig_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] fish_bob_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
scoreboard players operation @e[name=dmain] sawayig_ma -= @e[name=dmain] maxentities 
