scoreboard objectives add ar_ef_cl_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add ar_ef_cl_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add arrow_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add arrow_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add cave_spider_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add cave_spider_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add cod_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add cod_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add drag_fire_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add drag_fire_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add enderman_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add enderman_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add endermite_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add endermite_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add evoker_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add evoker_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add evoker_fangs_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add evoker_fangs_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add exper_orb_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add exper_orb_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add eye_of_end_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add eye_of_end_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add falling_bl_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add falling_bl_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add hoglin_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add hoglin_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add illusioner_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add illusioner_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add item_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add item_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add fireball_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add fireball_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add llama_spit_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add llama_spit_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add magma_cube_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add magma_cube_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add phantom_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add phantom_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add pig_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add pig_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add piglin_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add piglin_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add piglin_brute_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add piglin_brute_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add pufferfish_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add pufferfish_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add salmon_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add salmon_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add shulker_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add shulker_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add shu_bul_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add shu_bul_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add silverfish_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add silverfish_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add skeleton_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add skeleton_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add slime_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add slime_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add smal_fire_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add smal_fire_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add snowball_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add snowball_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add spec_ar_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add spec_ar_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add spider_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add spider_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add stray_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add stray_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add egg_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add egg_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add ender_pearl_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add ender_pearl_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add exper_bot_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add exper_bot_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add potion_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add potion_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add vex_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add vex_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add vindicator_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add vindicator_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add witch_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add witch_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add with_skul_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add with_skul_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add zoglin_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add zoglin_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add zombie_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add zombie_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add zom_pig_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add zom_pig_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add fish_bob_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add fish_bob_max dummy 
scoreboard objectives add sawayig_ent dummy 
scoreboard objectives add sawayig_max dummy 
