scoreboard objectives add ar_ef_cl_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add arrow_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add cave_spider_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add cod_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add drag_fire_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add enderman_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add endermite_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add evoker_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add evoker_fangs_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add exper_orb_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add eye_of_end_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add falling_bl_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add hoglin_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add illusioner_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add item_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add fireball_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add llama_spit_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add magma_cube_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add phantom_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add pig_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add piglin_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add piglin_brute_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add pufferfish_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add salmon_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add shulker_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add shu_bul_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add silverfish_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add skeleton_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add slime_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add smal_fire_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add snowball_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add spec_ar_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add spider_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add stray_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add egg_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add ender_pearl_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add exper_bot_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add potion_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add vex_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add vindicator_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add witch_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add with_skul_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add zoglin_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add zombie_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add zom_pig_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add fish_bob_ma dummy 
scoreboard objectives add sawayig_ma dummy 
